Moving to California
    Questions/Things to think about
        Cost of Moving
        Cost of living
        Getting a job
        Permanent or Temporary?
        Is she gonna be okay with me not having a car?  Am I on my own for rides to work and such?
        How will everyday living look like?  Are there any rules that I might not be okay with?
        What are some cons that might be a part of this?
        How much will I be making there?
    What is the Central/overall goal?
        To change my environment, lean on the support of the important people in my life to make longstanding and much needed changes to my life for myself and my overall happiness
            Finding new friends
            Finding and working towards a career prospect
            Making better and healthier choices in what I do and eat

    Getting Around
        How will I get around to work?
            If she is going to be driving me around everywhere, will I have to work around her schedule?
                How will that affect the amount of hours I can work?
                    Will I still be able to work a 40 hour week?
                What about gas?
                    I don't mind helping pay for gas until I get a car 
        Getting a license and buying a car will be one of the first things I do when I get there, 
            Pretty much has to be done
        Have some money for the car, but want to use it for moving as well
    How much will it cost to move?
        I don't expect her to 


        Set back amount:
            5k
            Getting a car
        

    Find out the cost of shipping items to the apartment


        Find out the cost of moving
            $1,000 to move everything bare minimum

            Defintive date: June 1

        Deposit is $200-300

Living expenses are going to be split



    Document

Modes for transportations
    bus


Talk to Tim about a transfer


LICENSE IS PRIORITY one

    Might have to make some sacrifices


    transfer


    Carry on + 1-2 luggage bags

]

Paperwork
    Valid ID/Passport
    Social Security card/number
    




        